README.md, before:

# capacitor-play-audio-from-url

This capacitor plugin enables playing audio natively from a remote url, 
on web, android and ios.

## Usage

```typescript
import { PlayAudioFromUrl } from 'capacitor-play-audio-from-url'

PlayAudioFromUrl
    .play({ url: 'https://www.soundhelix.com/examples/mp3/SoundHelix-Song-1.mp3' })
    .then(() => console.log('Audio played'))
    .catch((error) => console.error('Error playing audio (e.g. failed to load)', error));
// or
try {
    await PlayAudioFromUrl.play({url: 'https://www.soundhelix.com/examples/mp3/SoundHelix-Song-1.mp3'})
    console.log('Audio played')
}catch (error) {
    console.error('Error playing audio (e.g. failed to load)', error)
}
```

## Install

```bash
npm install capacitor-play-audio-from-url
npx cap sync
```

## API

<docgen-index>

* [`play(...)`](#play)
* [Interfaces](#interfaces)

</docgen-index>

<docgen-api>
<!--Update the source file JSDoc comments and rerun docgen to update the docs below-->

### play(...)

```typescript
play(options: PlayOptions) => Promise<void>
```

| Param         | Type                                                |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------- |
| **`options`** | <code><a href="#playoptions">PlayOptions</a></code> |

--------------------


### Interfaces


#### PlayOptions

| Prop      | Type                |
| --------- | ------------------- |
| **`url`** | <code>string</code> |

</docgen-api>


# Development

To test, it is best to link it to a project using
```bash
npm install <path-to-the-project>
```
Then lots of `npx cap sync`, `npx cap copy` and building the apps for good measure.:)

Commit message:

improvement: adds caching sounds in a 256-LRU cache.

README.md, after:

# capacitor-play-audio-from-url

This capacitor plugin enables playing audio natively from a remote url, 
on web, android and ios.

## Usage

```typescript
import { PlayAudioFromUrl } from 'capacitor-play-audio-from-url'

PlayAudioFromUrl
    .play({ url: 'https://www.soundhelix.com/examples/mp3/SoundHelix-Song-1.mp3' })
    .then(() => console.log('Audio played'))
    .catch((error) => console.error('Error playing audio (e.g. failed to load)', error));
// or
try {
    await PlayAudioFromUrl.play({url: 'https://www.soundhelix.com/examples/mp3/SoundHelix-Song-1.mp3'})
    console.log('Audio played')
}catch (error) {
    console.error('Error playing audio (e.g. failed to load)', error)
}
```

## Install

```bash
npm install capacitor-play-audio-from-url
npx cap sync
```

## API

<docgen-index>

* [`play(...)`](#play)
* [Interfaces](#interfaces)

</docgen-index>

<docgen-api>
<!--Update the source file JSDoc comments and rerun docgen to update the docs below-->

### play(...)

```typescript
play(options: PlayOptions) => Promise<void>
```

Plays an audio file from a given URL.
The audio file is retrieved from an internal cache if available, otherwise it is fetched and added to the cache.
If the cache is full, the oldest entry is removed before a new entry is added.

| Param         | Type                                                | Description                                                                                        |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **`options`** | <code><a href="#playoptions">PlayOptions</a></code> | - The options for playing the audio. Must include a `url` property with the URL of the audio file. |

--------------------


### Interfaces


#### PlayOptions

| Prop      | Type                |
| --------- | ------------------- |
| **`url`** | <code>string</code> |

</docgen-api>


# Development

To test, it is best to link it to a project using
```bash
npm install <path-to-the-project>
```
Then lots of `npx cap sync`, `npx cap copy` and building the apps for good measure.:)
